1) Reference Policy make targets:

General Make targets:

install-src		Install the policy sources into
			/etc/selinux/NAME/src/policy, where NAME is defined in
			the Makefile.  If not defined, the TYPE, as defined in
			the Makefile, is used.  The default NAME is refpolicy.
			A pre-existing source policy will be moved to
			/etc/selinux/NAME/src/policy.bak.

conf			Regenerate policy.xml, and update/create modules.conf
			and booleans.conf.  This should be done after adding
			or removing modules, or after running the bare target.
			If the configuration files exist, their settings will
			be preserved.  This must be ran on policy sources that
			are checked out from the CVS repository before they can
			be used.

clean			Delete all temporary files, compiled policies,
			and file_contexts.  Configuration files are left intact.

bare			Do the clean make target and also delete configuration
			files, web page documentation, and policy.xml.

html			Regenerate policy.xml and create web page documentation
			in the doc/html directory.

Make targets specific to modular (loadable modules) policies:

base			Compile and package the base module.  This is the
			default target for modular policies.

modules			Compile and package all Reference Policy modules
			configured to be built as loadable modules.

MODULENAME.pp		Compile and package the MODULENAME Reference Policy
			module.

Make targets specific to monolithic policies:

policy			Compile a policy locally for development and testing.
			This is the default target for monolithic policies.

install			Compile and install the policy and file contexts.

load			Compile and install the policy and file contexts, then
			load the policy.

enableaudit		Remove all dontaudit rules from policy.conf.

relabel			Relabel the filesystem.

checklabels		Check the labels on the filesystem, and report when
			a file would be relabeled, but do not change its label.

restorelabels		Relabel the filesystem and report each file that is
			relabeled.
